# Incident: 2025-12-02 13-53-37

## Summary

Between the hour of 13:50 and 14:00 on 12/02/2025, 2 users encountered an error while trying to purchase a jwt-pizza(s). The event was triggered by the chaos testing.

The event was detected by Grafana metrics. I started working on the event by observing the Network tab. This severe incident affected 100% of current users.


## Detection

This incident was detected when the Grafana Pizza Purchase alert was triggered and I was emailed. I was also observing the metrics at the time because I hadn't received an alert yet and the testing window was closing.

## Impact

For 10 minutes between 20:50 UTC and 21:0 UTC on 12/02/2025, users were unable to purchase jwt pizzas.

This incident affected 2 customers (100% of current users), who experienced the error while purchasing pizzas.

0 SUPPORT TICKETS AND 0 SOCIAL MEDIA POSTS were submitted.

## Timeline

All times are UTC.

- _20:50_ - Chaos testing was initiated
- _20:53_ - Grafana alert email sent
- _20:54_ - Engineer team started debugging the purchase pizza error
- _21:00_ - Engineer team found the error and ended the chaos testing


## Response

After receiving the email alert at 20:53 UTC, Quintin Hilton came online at 21:54 UTC in the production site.

This engineer, used the Dev Tools to debug the chaos test and found a 500 status code in the Network tab while ordering. After looking around for a few minutes, he found the key to end the chaos test.


## Root cause

The root cause of this incident was the chaos test initiated on the site.


## Resolution

The service was restored when the on call engineer found the chaos test url in the Network tab. By opening the link, the chaos testing ended and the system was restored automatically. The engineer found the erro by following the standard steps of debugging and did so in a very timely manner.

## Prevention

There are no other incidents or reports of chaos testing.


## Action items

As a chaos test, this incident was expected. However, further action will be taken to prevent any errors like this from happening.

curl -X POST https://pizza-service.recipebook260.click/api/order -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6MSwibmFtZSI6IuW4uOeUqOWQjeWtlyIsImVtYWlsIjoiYUBqd3QuY29tIiwicm9sZXMiOlt7InJvbGUiOiJhZG1pbiJ9XSwiaWF0IjoxNzY1MzI2MDc3fQ.V6OdFPA_tgMrP2Ht0Vu_gHv1UvSJSgzrYbkQiTtLHM8' -d '{"franchiseId": 1, "storeID": 1, "items":[{ "menuId": 1, "description": "Veggie", "price": 0.0001 }]}'

curl -X POST https://pizza-service.recipebook260.click/api/order \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6MSwibmFtZSI6IuW4uOeUqOWQjeWtlyIsImVtYWlsIjoiYUBqd3QuY29tIiwicm9sZXMiOlt7InJvbGUiOiJhZG1pbiJ9XSwiaWF0IjoxNzY1MzI2MDc3fQ.V6OdFPA_tgMrP2Ht0Vu_gHv1UvSJSgzrYbkQiTtLHM8' \
  -d '{"franchiseId": 1, "storeId": 1, "items":[{ "menuId": 1, "description": "Veggie", "price": 0.0001 }]}'

  curl -X POST https://pizza-service.recipebook260.click/api/order \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{"franchiseId": 1, "storeId": 1, "items":[{ "menuId": 1, "description": "Veggie", "price": 0.0001 }]}'

  curl -X POST https://pizza-service.peachfromtheirs.click/api/order \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJuYW1lIjoicSIsImVtYWlsIjoicUBxLmNvbSIsInJvbGVzIjpbeyJyb2xlIjoiZGluZXIifV0sImlkIjo2LCJpYXQiOjE3NjUzNDk4NDd9.4KYGX2dVHGYEc57BhIdXNoNcgL-1FXJRgYC2g6fngzU' \
  -d '{"franchiseId": 1, "storeId": 1, "items":[{ "menuId": 1, "description": "Veggie", "price": 0.0001 }]}'